Explain torch compile error messages, improve PTQ vs QAT doc (#730)
zama-ai/concrete-ml: docs/deep-learning/torch_support.md

In addition to the built-in models, Concrete ML supports generic machine learning models implemented with Torch, or [exported as ONNX graphs](onnx_support.md).

There are two approaches to build [FHE-compatible deep networks](../getting-started/concepts.md#model-accuracy-considerations-under-fhe-constraints):

> - [Quantization Aware Training (QAT)](../explanations/quantization.md) requires using custom layers, but can quantize weights and activations to low bit-widths. Concrete ML works with [Brevitas](../explanations/inner-workings/external_libraries.md#brevitas), a library providing QAT support for PyTorch. To use this mode, compile models using `compile_brevitas_qat_model`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**Quantization Aware Training (QAT)**](../explanations/quantization.md) : QAT requires using custom layers, but can quantize weights and activations to low bit widths. Concrete ML works with [Brevitas](../explanations/inner-workings/external_libraries.md#brevitas), a library providing QAT support for PyTorch. To use this mode, compile models using `compile_brevitas_qat_model`
```

> - Post-training Quantization: in this mode a vanilla PyTorch model can be compiled. However, when quantizing weights & activations to fewer than 7 bits the accuracy can decrease strongly. On the other hand, depending on the model size, quantizing with 6-8 bits can be incompatible with FHE constraints. To use this mode, compile models with `compile_torch_model`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Post-training Quantization**: This mode allows a vanilla PyTorch model to be compiled. However, when quantizing weights & activations to fewer than 7 bits, the accuracy can decrease strongly. On the other hand, depending on the model size, quantizing with 6-8 bits can be incompatible with FHE constraints. To use this mode, compile models with `compile_torch_model`.
```

> Both approaches should be used with the `rounding_threshold_bits` parameter set accordingly. The best values for this parameter need to be determined through experimentation. A good initial value to try is `6`. See [here](../explanations/advanced_features.md#rounded-activations-and-quantizers) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both approaches require the `rounding_threshold_bits` parameter to be set accordingly. The best values for this parameter need to be determined through experimentation. A good initial value to try is `6`. See [here](../explanations/advanced_features.md#rounded-activations-and-quantizers) for more details.
```

{% endhint %}

## Post-training quantization

The following example uses a simple PyTorch model that implements a fully connected neural network with two hidden layers. The model is compiled to use FHE using `compile_torch_model`.

```python
import torch.nn as nn
import torch

N_FEAT = 12
n_bits = 6

class PTQSimpleNet(nn.Module):
    def __init__(self, n_hidden):
        super().__init__()

        self.fc1 = nn.Linear(N_FEAT, n_hidden)
        self.fc2 = nn.Linear(n_hidden, n_hidden)
        self.fc3 = nn.Linear(n_hidden, 2)

    def forward(self, x):
        x = torch.relu(self.fc1(x))
        x = torch.relu(self.fc2(x))
        x = self.fc3(x)
        return x

from concrete.ml.torch.compile import compile_torch_model
import numpy

torch_input = torch.randn(100, N_FEAT)
torch_model = PTQSimpleNet(5)
quantized_module = compile_torch_model(
    torch_model, # our model
    torch_input, # a representative input-set to be used for both quantization and compilation
    n_bits=6,
    rounding_threshold_bits={"n_bits": 6, "method": "approximate"}
)
```

## Configuring quantization parameters

> With QAT, the PyTorch/Brevitas models, created following the example above, require the user to configure quantization parameters such as `bit_width` (activation bit-width) and `weight_bit_width`. When using this mode, set `n_bits=None` in the `compile_brevitas_qat_model`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With QAT (the PyTorch/Brevitas models created following the example above), you need to configure quantization parameters such as `bit_width` (activation bit-width) and `weight_bit_width`. When using this mode, set `n_bits=None` in the `compile_brevitas_qat_model`.
```

> With PTQ, the user needs to set the `n_bits` value in the `compile_torch_model` function. A trade-off between accuracy and FHE compatibility and latency must be determined manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With PTQ, you need to set the `n_bits` value in the `compile_torch_model` function and must manually determine the trade-off between accuracy, FHE compatibility, and latency.
```

> The quantization parameters, along with the number of neurons on each layer, will determine the accumulator bit-width of the network. Larger accumulator bit-widths result in higher accuracy but slower FHE inference time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quantization parameters, along with the number of neurons on each layer, will determine the accumulator bit width of the network. Larger accumulator bit widths result in higher accuracy but slower FHE inference time.
```

## Simulated FHE Inference in the clear

> One can perform the inference on clear data in order to evaluate the impact of quantization and of FHE computation on the accuracy of their model. See [this section](../deep-learning/fhe_assistant.md#simulation) for more details. Two approaches exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can perform the inference on clear data in order to evaluate the impact of quantization and of FHE computation on the accuracy of their model. See [this section](../deep-learning/fhe_assistant.md#simulation) for more details. Two approaches exist:
```
